Damn it, I'm good
Hey, hey, hey.
I remember I warned you
Didn't you divorce him?
It seems that your information is evil
Better than you last time.
What do you want?
He probably doesn't want these hands.
Drag it out and see
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I was wrong, please forgive me.
Drag it down
I don't believe I'm not going
You stupid woman
imprudent
You son of a bitch
I'm tired of you!
Ok ok I'm a nuisance
But
Every time I see you refusing to eat turtles to me
I feel bad again
That's because you still love me
You are afraid
Fear of being hurt again
Fear of repeating the same mistakes
Then you will hurt me again
Will not
I will cherish you
Love Me
Lu Caution